at
everything
in this case, the new conditions
with the help and reading of may
need to say that I am a media player
digital exhibition Galina history looks
significantly better than previous versions
on the main page we see
icons and bodies
music
a photo
file browser
and settings
move on to the original
settings and consider them
first of all we are offered to choose
we will put language Russian
which everyone has got
You can also select a subtitle language this
default
Rustam, of course, also Russian font size
subtitle
slide show interval display mode
slide repeat music mode
movie repeat mode photo repeat mode
snapshots
and digital audio output mode
either stelae or
digital output is next followed by mode
mappings
naturally we exhibit 16 9 4x
favor monitor with such a ratio
parties
scaling functions
photo resolution
video images to
here the output settings are visible and and
composite sq settings
by default may leaders
auto detect
permission it can be set its manual
but with composite output you can select the mode
when from Syria skirmish
next setting displayed
navigator
and the files in the menu will turn circulation
list view or thumbnails will be shown
internal disk manager so
we see the dispatch disk inside it
installed player itself in this
models preinstalled
three-inch inch hard disk
one terabyte here we see problems
disk and you can format it
further setting bus works
screen saver
item reset factory settings
product information where we can
view firmware version
device serial number and so
further here are all the settings
Well, the language has changed now
we understand the name of the icons on
main desktop to test work
drive we connect our cumulative
division guy
connected now let's go to the video section
communicating
here we see the drive
internal built
drive device and
connected drives if possible
search the house for storage
or go to this
in the video section of the purchase network will be
only video files are displayed
also start trying to play files
with codec decent 64
in the second eighth 16 paragraph and submit
speed is also available back
rewind
when pressing the bucket button is displayed
menu where you can increase the size
images select audio track
the essence of the game
and so on go to the next files too
works
as in the previous one
when you click on the import drawn strip
scroll
demolition
everything